hey what's happening gamers it's Luke
here with another loops initiative video
series a show that's all about video
reviews but more about how i did reviews
back in 2007 we do a brief synopsis of
the history we explain a little bit
about the gameplay and then of course I
do the stuff that I didn't like and we
always finish on a high note about the
stuff that I did like the game that's on
today's docket is scott pilgrim vs. the
world the game based on the new hit
movie Scott Pilgrim vs. the world the
movie so yeah this is kind of a movie
tie-in game but it can stand on its own
as a great video game just how much do I
like this game well you're gonna have to
watch this review to find out whoever
called retro dated or kiddie games needs
to be taken out back and tar and
feathered Ubisoft has shown us that our
Cade games are still fun even for
next-gen systems case in point Scott
Pilgrim vs. the world for the
PlayStation Network and soon xbox live
gameplay is your traditional 16-bit
arcade game yes I call beat'em ups
arcade games why because most arcade
games were batum ups for this game up to
for gamers can battle it out in seven
zany levels and fight your way through
Ramona's seven evil exes combat consists
of punching kicking blocking jumping
picking up items like in Double Dragon
and using special moves and summoning
knives to assist you after defeating the
baddies stay disappear and leave behind
some Canadian moolah which is used to
buy health and other goodies in the
stores the other modes are unlocked via
a cheat code system just like in the
olden days so what do I've wrong with
this game well there's a few things
actually no matter the difficulty you
select the game is going to smack you
around like a pinata no joke this game
is about as forgiving as Battletoads was
enemies gang up on you and they're
really strong to boot scott pilgrim vs
the world requires players to do a
tremendous amount
grinding the levels which can decrease
the fun-o-meter at times many critics
have called this game a really short one
for only seven levels and it is if you
manage to beat the game without leveling
up a lot don't worry you sucking at the
game means you're only human because it
is hard and there's no shame in
continuing probably the biggest slap in
the face to online players as this game
features no online multiplayer
whatsoever this was a really dumb move
on Sony's part my final complaint with
this game has to be that there's no
health power-ups on the actual levels
yet food does appear in some of the
stages but only as weapons to hit people
with I understand they're pulling a
river city ransom here with the shops
for getting help that would be great if
every level made it easier to find a
shop so you could restore your help but
they don't I really love this arcade
game though the main reason is a variety
of stuff I can do during combat like
picking up a dude to attack another dude
with or counter-attacking an enemy's
attack back Adam kicking obstacles that
the bad guys keeping a guy a float in
midair just by punching him or tossing a
guy off a speeding bus and so much more
another thing I loved about this game is
all the gaming and anime fan service
like modeling the character selection
screen after dokidoki Mario or Super
Mario Brothers 2 for the stage selection
screen like Super Mario Brothers 3 or
how about having the main menu look like
earthbound hearing KO after meeting a
boss and using reuse tornado kick just
like in street fighter teleporting like
megaman after beating a level turning
into a super saiyan mocking guitar hero
retro theme bonus levels and that's just
to name a few visualize this game looks
incredible and about as detailed as a
2-d game and I mean a traditional 2d
game not this 2.5 d recent stuff regular
old retro goodness
plus the stage and character sprites
look epic the music for this game fits
perfectly and the tunes are pretty
catchy but i'm not going to focus on
them at this point even though parts of
this game may seem harder than college
this game relieves you with unlimited
continues and the ability to replay any
stage you want after beating it still as
fun as single player is playing co-op
with another person is so much better
when your characters knock down another
player can revive you you can also use
your taunts to knock out the bad guys
man this game is losing its so much
awesome stuff there are very very few
downloadable games that I've given to AK
wing reviews endorsement I mean there
have been games that I say okay you need
to download this because this is good
but I'm saying you need to download this
game because it's awesome I mean I love
arcade beat'em ups I always have back
from Turtles arcade game x-men
spider-man The Simpsons knights of the
round all these different awesome
beat'em ups and this game just fits
perfectly with that if you're a retro
fan you will love this game if you're an
arcade junkie you will love this game
anyway this has been luke my catchphrase
as always is god bless and happy gaming
thank you so much for watching and until
we meet again gamers see you